Add clarifications about batching. (#217)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

  return unblindedElement
~~~

> ### Batching

Reviewer: This text is somewhat redundant with what's in the "Batching inputs" section. Would it be possible to add this paragraph to the end of that section? 

```
In particular, servers can produce a single, constant-sized proof for N 
client inputs, rather than one proof per client input. This optimization 
benefits clients and servers since it amortizes the cost of proof generation 
and bandwidth across multiple requests.
```

Author: Do you mean dropping this (@armfazh suggestions have been included)

> ## Batching
> 
> Clients that need multiple verifiable evaluations would make as many requests
> to the server. Batching the inputs enables the server to evaluate them all
> individually and to compute a single NIZK proof for the whole set at once.
> 
> With this technique, the client sends a set of blindedElements to the server,
> and the server responds with the set of evaluatedElements and a single proof object
> (proofC and proofS).
> 
> The optimization takes place in the ComputeComposites function, and therefore
> benefits both the server and the client. Hence, for N blinded inputs from the
> client, instead of having N roundtrips for fetching N evaluations and N proofs,
> we would bring that down to a single roundtrip carrying N evaluations and 
> one proof.

and adding your paragraph to `##### Batching inputs` instead? Or merging the suggestions and adding them to `##### Batching inputs`?

Reviewer: I suggest the former! I think the proposed text (with @armfazh's suggestions) have more words than are needed.

Author: Indeed, it's much more concise. May I suggest adding the notion of the client sending the batch in a single request, though? So it's undoubtedly clear to the reader it's not about sparse elements the client sends over time.

How about this:
> In particular, servers can produce a single, constant-sized proof for N 
> client inputs sent in a single request, rather than one proof per client
> input. This optimization benefits clients and servers since it amortizes
> the cost of proof generation and bandwidth across multiple requests.

Reviewer: Looks good!

> ### Batching

Reviewer 2: Does batching deserves its own section to highlight its relevance?

```suggestion
## Batching
```

Clients that need multiple verifiable evaluations would make as much requests
to the server. Batching the inputs enables the server to evaluate them all
individually and to compute a single NIZK proof for the whole set at once.

With this technique, the client sends a set of blindedElements to the server,
and the server responds with the set of evaluatedElements and the proof object
(proofC and proofS).

The optimization takes place in the ComputeComposites function, and therefore

> benefits both the server and the client. Hence, for N blinded inputs from the
> client, instead of having N requests, N evaluations, N proofs, and N responses,
> we would bring that down to N evaluations and 1 proof in 1 roundtrip.

Reviewer 2: Feel free to edit as needed.

```suggestion
benefits both the server and the client. Hence, for N blinded inputs from the
client, instead of having N roundtrips for fetching N evaluations and N proofs,
we would bring that down to a single roudtrip carrying N evaluations and 
one proof.
```
